the wilderness and the wasteland shall
the wilderness and the wasteland shall be glad for them and the desert shall
be glad for them and the desert shall
be glad for them and the desert shall rejoice and blossom as the rose it shall
rejoice and blossom as the rose it shall
rejoice and blossom as the rose it shall blossom abundantly and rejoice even with
blossom abundantly and rejoice even with
blossom abundantly and rejoice even with joy and singing the glory of Lebanon
joy and singing the glory of Lebanon
joy and singing the glory of Lebanon shall be given to it the excellence of
shall be given to it the excellence of
shall be given to it the excellence of Carmel and Sharon they shall see the
Carmel and Sharon they shall see the
Carmel and Sharon they shall see the glory of the Lord the excellency of our
glory of the Lord the excellency of our
glory of the Lord the excellency of our God strengthened the weak hands and make
God strengthened the weak hands and make
God strengthened the weak hands and make firm the feeble knees say to those who
firm the feeble knees say to those who
firm the feeble knees say to those who are fearful hearted be strong do not
are fearful hearted be strong do not
are fearful hearted be strong do not fear behold your God will come with
fear behold your God will come with
fear behold your God will come with vengeance with the recompense of God he
vengeance with the recompense of God he
vengeance with the recompense of God he will come and save you then the eyes of
will come and save you then the eyes of
will come and save you then the eyes of the blind shall be opened and the ears
the blind shall be opened and the ears
the blind shall be opened and the ears of the Deaf shall be unstopped
of the Deaf shall be unstopped
of the Deaf shall be unstopped then the lame shall leap like a deer and
then the lame shall leap like a deer and
then the lame shall leap like a deer and the tongue of the dumb sing for water
the tongue of the dumb sing for water
the tongue of the dumb sing for water shall burst forth in the wilderness and
shall burst forth in the wilderness and
shall burst forth in the wilderness and streams in the desert the parched ground
streams in the desert the parched ground
streams in the desert the parched ground shall become a pool and the thirsty land
shall become a pool and the thirsty land
shall become a pool and the thirsty land Springs of water in the habitation of
Springs of water in the habitation of
Springs of water in the habitation of jackals where each lay there shall be
jackals where each lay there shall be
jackals where each lay there shall be grass with reeds and rushes the highway
grass with reeds and rushes the highway
grass with reeds and rushes the highway shall be there and a road and it shall
shall be there and a road and it shall
shall be there and a road and it shall be called the highway of holiness the
be called the highway of holiness the
be called the highway of holiness the unclean shall not pass over it but it
unclean shall not pass over it but it
unclean shall not pass over it but it shall be for others whoever walks the
shall be for others whoever walks the
shall be for others whoever walks the road although a fool shall not go astray
road although a fool shall not go astray
road although a fool shall not go astray no lion shall be there nor shall any
no lion shall be there nor shall any
no lion shall be there nor shall any ravenous beast go up on it
ravenous beast go up on it
ravenous beast go up on it it shall not be found there but the
it shall not be found there but the
it shall not be found there but the redeemed shall walk there and the
redeemed shall walk there and the
redeemed shall walk there and the ransomed of the Lord shall return and
ransomed of the Lord shall return and
ransomed of the Lord shall return and come to Zion with singing with
come to Zion with singing with
come to Zion with singing with everlasting joy on their heads they
everlasting joy on their heads they
everlasting joy on their heads they shall obtain joy and gladness and sorrow
shall obtain joy and gladness and sorrow
shall obtain joy and gladness and sorrow and sighing shall flee away
and sighing shall flee away
and sighing shall flee away [Music]